Daddy, daddy, please buy me a sweet
I know you got money
I want that big chocolate bunny
In my mother-fucking tummy
Come on daddy buy me that chocolate
Bunny I know you got money
I want it, I want it, I want it, you'll give it to me!
Yo, uh, baby girl like rap, baby girl like fun,
Baby girl forgot to wear panties
So I smacked her on the bum bum,
Baby girl love her daddy,
Daddy he play rough
And daddy like to make his baby girl do unusual stuff
Baby girl turn around,
Now take off all of your clothes,
There you go, thats a good girl now let me see you touch your toes
Daddy pop champagne while he spark that blunt,
Now come sit here on daddy's lap and tell daddy what you want
Don't worry about a thing fuck the world we just stay in bed all day
Daddy got game daddy brought it from Africa to LA
I could be your daddy, make everything okay,
Shut the fuck up,
be a good girl and do what daddy say
Daddy, daddy, please can you buy me those funky pajamas
The comfy little pajamas with the big yellow bananas
Come on daddy buy me those pajamas they fucking bananas
I want it, I want it, I want it, I want it jesus!
Daddy, daddy please buy me those sneaks I know you got money,
the yellow ones you're getting me the Michael Jordan 23, they just came out of NYC,
Come on daddy you got money
I want it, I want it, I want it, you'll give it to me!
Uh, daddy he rap good,
Daddy he get paid,
Daddy takes his little angel on a magical holiday,
Daddy rocking his speedo,
Baby rock a teenie meenie,
Dongadongdongdong yellow polka dot bikini
Daddy keep it fucking whack,
Chillin' by the ocean,
Daddy's little girl smiling while she swimming with the dolphins
Holla at the waiter,
Can I get a sex on the beach
Baby girl want an orgasm,
Yo baby where's your ID?
Don't worry about a thing fuck the world we just stay in bed all day
Daddy got game daddy brought it from Africa to LA
I could be your daddy, make everything okay,
Shut the fuck up, be a good girl and do what daddy say
Daddy, daddy, please buy me a puppy come on you'll get it for me
If you really love me I want a puppy so badly
Come on daddy buy me a puppy please
You'll make me so happy
I want it, I want it, I want it, you'll give it to me!
Daddy, daddy please buy me a phone incase emergency you'll probably get a hold of me I want to have a phone on me
Now I don't wan't the cheap one,
Daddy I want the big one!
I want it, I want it, I want it, I want it daddy!
I, I, I, I, I love you
I, I, I, I, I love you daddy
I, I, I, I, I love you
I, I, I, I, I love you daddy
Your daddy won't even let you say fuck!
Your daddy's boring your daddy sucks!
Your daddy's a poes your daddy's kak!
My daddy will fuck your daddy up!
Don't worry about a thing fuck the world we just stay in bed all day
Daddy got game daddy brought it from Africa to LA
I could be your daddy, make everything okay,
Shut the fuck up, be a good girl and do what daddy say
Daddy, daddy, please can you buy me a big flat screen TV
I want to watch all my movies and my cartoonies in 3D
Now not the little cheap one daddy I want the big one
I want it, I want it, I want it, I want it daddy!
Daddy, daddy please buy me a car I know you got money,
Come on daddy get it for me
I want a black Lamborghini
A black L A M B to the O
I want it, I want it, I want it, please daddy-o!
I, I, I love you
I, I, I love you daddy
♪
I, I, I love you
I, I, I love you daddy
Hi tek
I love you
♪
I love you daddy