I'm sorry to get excited, but he had a massive
His cock was ten times the size, and it was just hanging
And I got the biggest fright of my life because, like, he's
Like squealing and stuff, so, uh
I called my dad, but it likely went-, and again, but I think it's
Yeah, obviously, this-, his penis was stuck out
But not because he was getting excited
But that was hectic, but, um
Other than that, everything is perfect
(Oh my God)
Yo (mm, mm, huh?)
(Mm, mm) Ninja 3.0
(Mm, mm, yoh)
Mal kak annie naai (oh my God)
People say, "Yes, it must be dope to be famous"
So cool everybody knows what your name is
Fans gimme love, they say, "Yo, you the greatest"
My music all up in your playlist
But I also gotta cope with the haters
Yup, they hate us 'cause they ain't us
We just different, so they don't get us
Motherfuckers is peanut butter and jealous
Uh, but like, anyway
Nowadays, it's hard to believe what people say
They say we homophobic, are we? But, wait
Hang on, DJ Hi-Tek is gay
So, yo, fuck what they said
We were gone so long, they said Die Antwoord is dead
Fake news on the net can fuck with your head
And, Jesus, I got upset
When we couldn't tour 'cause of COVID, yo, the fans really missed me
Then I got COVID and I really had a shit week
I was like, "Fuck, I never ever been this sick"
Then on top of all of this, Eminem dissed me (ooh, shit, fuck)
I told him, "'Tsek, jou ma se poes!" He had to google it
What the fuck? The brah knows I'm a fan
Just wanted to collab, I still hope that I can
Still can't even fuckin' believe he knows who I am
Then they tried to cancel our band
But, wait, how you gonna cancel our fans?
New tour sold out, yo, we back with a bang
I step to the fans and I'm slapping their hands, yo
Everything is perfect, I wake up blessed
Every day the sun rises and the sun sets
Everything is perfect
Everything is as it should be, nod your head if you with me
Everything is perfect
Even if you going through the worst shit, keep pushing, it'll be worth it
Everything is perfect, us
(¥o-landi, who gaan dit met u?) Uh
Piekfyn pikkewyn alles is insane (no, mm)
¥o-landi Vi$$er on the mic again (yah, yah, yah, mm)
Ek gooi so mooi, hulle vang n pyn (ow)
Yo, eks Nomma een kind en my nommer skyn
I'm chill, but I do get pissed off
Like when my house got robbed by a tik-kop
I was like, "Ag jirre, shit, fok!" (oh my God)
"Haai jissie vissie, das rof"
Ja, I was fuckin' distraught
They stole my new ninja sword that I just bought
Kak, soos n klip in jou flip-flop
Kak, soos rooi wyn op n wit rok
I also get pissed off when people are a bit dof
Daars geen pille vir dom mense nie
These motherfuckin' NPCs envy me
I got no time for your jealousy
You don't wanna be my enemy
You'll just make yourself crazy
Don't put yourself through hell, baby
Don't be ugly, deep down you love me
Oh my God, did you hear that Die Antwoord worship the devil?
(Ja, plus they eat babies)
Oh my God, did you hear that Yolandi's a "27"?
(Jas, that fuckin' chick's crazy!)
Oh my God, did you hear that the guy from Die Antwoord
Ninja, can suck his own dick?
Oh my God, did you hear that new song by Die Antwoord
"Everything is Perfect"? (Fuck, it's so sick)
Everything is perfect, I wake up blessed
Every day the sun rises and the sun sets
Everything is perfect
Everything is as it should be
Nod your head if you with me
Everything is perfect
Even if you going through the worst shit, keep pushing, it'll be worth it
Everything is perfect
Perfect, fuck what you heard on the net
Geen pille-, geen pille
Daars geen pille vir dom mense nie
Geen pille-, geen-, geen-, geen pille
Daars geen pille vir dom mense nie
Oh my God (mm, mm)
Yoh (mm, mm)
Huh? (Mm, mm)
Yoh (mm, mm)
Oh my God (mm, mm)
Yoh (mm, mm)
Huh? (Mm, mm)
Yoh (mm, mm)
Oh, my God