Damn
Forgot to do something
Fuck was it
Talked about the trust fund kids, [?], cops
Fake Starbucks activist motherfuckers, (did I say it?)
Yo, did I diss- did I say fuck Eminem?
I said fuck Eminem
Damn, what'd I forget to do?
Oh yeah, it ain't over motherfuckers
I hate you motherfuckers, I hate you motherfuckers
I hate you motherfuckers, I hate you motherfuckers
I hate you motherfuckers
Niggas wanna be gods
I'm in it
One time for the little line baby girl
I'm in that thing like what
R.I.P. to my haters out in the D.R
Tryin' to live they life gettin' killed by fucking latinas
If it was up to me, I'd end they fuckin' history
Deport 'em if they got no papers, oof, the irony
But see, this shit was never new to me
Warned you niggas about that black-brown unity
This racism shit is too deep for any philosophy
I don't know why you dumb crackers had a monopoly
I don't know why y'all fraternizin' with enemies
Don't know they race so them fuckboys pretend to be
Anything they wanna be
Got some fuckin wannabes
Zoe Saldana and Sammy Sosa, y'all extra weak
Black to the core bitch my skin on extra fleek
Y'all been piggybackin' off a niggas since slavery
But that shit stops here I rose to the pulpit
And brought extra bullets for that "hola papi" bullshit
I swear on James Brown if you try me
Red hooks on 'em like Spike Lee, yuh, huh
I said I swear on James Brown if you try me
Red hooks on 'em like Spike Lee
Uh, us
Five one six, seven one eight
Yeah, and everything in between
One time, I hold nothin' back, check it
Before I get to the business
I haven't spit a punchline since Christmas
Amazon guns get clipped with the quickness
Ya must want death on your wishlist, bombaclot
This that headshot, close proxy
Gotta question for you bitches in the hot seat
What would G.G. Allen do? Let's dig up the body
Put that cracker on his knees and let him pray to my shotty
This is, young thotty, Benghazi, I catch bodies
No leader mask gone somebody stop me
The real marxist harmonist I'm a nobody
Black Jesus, dark Casear I rep commies
I wish a fuckin officer would try to run up on me
Second amendment, bitch I got the Glock on me
Hot steppin', who's fuckin' with the young Devon?
Send yo' ass to heaven, go to 7-Eleven
I said I swear on James Brown, if you try me
Red hooks on 'em like Spike Lee
I swear on James Brown if you try me
Red hooks on 'em like Spike Lee, huh! Uh, huh
Uh! Red, Spike, rock, yah
Set 'em up, set 'em up!
[?] nigga, yo
Niggas be talking 'bout what they wanna do to the prophet
Bitch stop it, I'm John Hopkins, I close coffins
Straight stalkin'. I get to walkin', your purse is falling
The fellas marchin'
Tryin' your best to be cautious
This is coins over paper, I'll pay the bill for your wake
I kill a coppa and bake 'em and ship 'em off to Jamaica
Brake a dread with the vapor, I never been in the paper
But when I do, City of God, Z in the makin'
Bitch know I never trust a preacher or a rabbi
Compress me or check me bitch I'm a motherfuckin' landmine
Young black landline, password is these cans flyin'
All up in your cubicle, bitch I work on my own time
Kill a cop for full time and take him out as old time
I don't give a fuck about a nigga talkin' gun rhymes
Peg more than showtime, I spit fuckin' coke lines
Flash a nigga to blam him and make him give me a cosign