(No, you ain't)
(Check)
Throw it back for a thick boy
I'm opp fast, still opp last
Your baby rappin' on hits, boy
This offshore, kinda smart, yours (uh-huh)
That Dior three years ago (style)
Made my way, carved my own lane
Still hatin', do my own thing (yeah)
Ain't cryin' over no spilled milk (nah)
Fuckin' bitches like Wilt still (style)
Made it off the deep, coulda got killed (ha)
Or locked up, we don't fuck with death (ha)
But guess what, bitch? We back, ho
We ain't never left, just sound good
But guess what, bitch? We back, ho
'Cause we ain't never left, just sound good (uh)
I'm Detroit red on a whole lotta Act' (ow)
He ain't in my pocket and I got that check
Had to check for the shoestring
If you try to shoot things, might jam up, so try your-
Don't try to be lookin' out
Keep it on me if you try to doubt
What the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Seen a lot homie, and watch your mouth
Guess what? We on (we on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (we gone)
Up outta here smokin' that strong
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone
Guess what, ho? We on (we on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (we gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong (well)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (style)
Guess what, ho? We on (we on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (we gone)
Up outta here smokin' that strong (let's go)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (delivery now, uh)
That money can't save you, bitch (no)
Them cars can't save you, bitch (uh-uh)
Your pimp just play you, bitch (that's right)
How you wanna be a thug and you rich? (Why?)
You can tell they was raised by some bitches
Groupie niggas always wanna kick
Get the sentence 'cause they want an image
Then people put all of your fam' in a ditch, snitch
Play me, you gone, just leave me alone
I got a pistol, it's shot in your chrome
Into your face, now you hollow, you hole
Uh-oh, you know (you know)
Me and Danny, you pro's (pro's)
Feelin' like Mike, just give me the go
I'm feelin' like Biggie, they givin' me mo', huh
Whoa, whoa, whoa, uh, let's go, uh
Rappers gettin' extorted (yeah)
Like hos who can't afford it (let's go)
Got a check in with they daddy
But they get pushed down the toilet
This fade came with a price, and for that price you can record it
These fake-ass wannabe gangstas turn to actors when they mournin'
Y'all tried to bring the heat, that's how shit pop, Alonzo Mourning
She sing my song to me after we fuck, that bitch retarded
Guess what, ho? We on (we on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (we gone)
Up outta here, and we smokin' that strong
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone
Guess what, ho? We on (we on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (we gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong (well)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (style)
I'm ready, I'm ready
No, you ain't
♪
(Uh)