Why do you let us hate one another just for the dollar?
Did you lose your heart in the darkness, deep in your pocket?
No, I don't care of the price I'd pay
I don't wanna spend my life that way
Tell me is the pain that you're causin' worth what you profit?
Yeah, they say that money don't buy happiness, just beautiful things
But I wouldn't mind the extra time and piece of mind that it brings
I wouldn't mind if I could afford AC in the spring
Or for the heat in the winter,
Not being bitter but they live like kings
And here we are in one bedroom we could barely afford
Hang your sheets up on the walls just to mimic the doors
Can barely afford to pay for a Ford, why you pay for your Porsche?
See, where I'm from nobody makes it to Forbes
And I'm so tired of this dead-end job
While I was workin' last night, my fuckin' car got robbed
There's glass everywhere, I'm searchin' for the things I lost
All the things I bought
You steal from me just to cut your cost
My mom's worked her whole life just to get me a life to live
So I spilled my fuckin' soul and gave everything I could give
I think we can agree that Sallie Mae is a bitch
And there's gotta be more to life than this
Why do you let us—
Why do you let us hate one another just for the dollar?
Did you lose your heart in the darkness, deep in your pocket?
No, I don't care of the price I'd pay
I don't wanna spend my life that way
Tell me is the pain that you're causin' worth what you profit?
Yeah, another day, another bill, lately hatin' how I feel
Need a tax refund just to buy a fuckin' meal
Your follows on your social's essential for signin' deals
Man, it's crazy how a fake affects a room full of real
My boss told me, "Turn tables," I told him, "Tables will turn"
What I'm laughin' at: What I make in a day is more than you earn
The waiters start to laugh like to mention that is absurd
But they never focus their vision, their vision focus is blurred
And they think I'm out of my mind, or ahead of my time
Or I'm the one that grinds and puts himself on the line
To learn how to win, you have to lose a hundred times
Honestly, I think that losin' is better than not tryin'
They say, "Make money, don't let the money make you"
The question is, what if it's the only thing to save you?
Would you sell your soul for a price if they paid you?
Or would you keep it real and stay you?
Why do you let us—
Why do you let us hate one another just for the dollar?
Did you lose your heart in the darkness, deep in your pocket?
No, I don't care of the price I'd pay
I don't wanna spend my life that way
Tell me is the pain that you're causin' worth what you profit?
Yeah, I know that money don't buy
Happiness, but buys you more material shit
Then rewordin' how I think and what it means to be rich
I used to think it meant to flex a Rolex on my wrist
Feels bad to take more than you give, lately, hate how we live
I never want become the face that I hate
When the man in the mirror will laugh and spit in my face
And tell me that the money has made me another fake
I've been drownin' in my mind and my money's been addin' weight
Oh Lord, oh Lord, please save me
I should have known that somethin' man-made couldn't make me
I say I'm makin' music, or is music what creates me?
I never have an answer, same question every day
See, when we pass on, all our things are passed on to the next
Everything we didn't do is everything we regret
Every day we fuckin' work for this worthless check
If you're not happy, you're forever in debt
You're forever in debt