Nigga
Yeah (yeah, yeah)
Here we go again (Shady)
Shady Records Mixtape
The invasion (G-G-G-G-Unit)
Part two (here we go again)
Conspiracy theory
International version
The evil genius, Green Lantern
Let's go
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent, I'm on fire 'cause Shady said so
I'm on fire (here we go now)
Everybody's in a rush to try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin' stone
But don't compare me, I'm better off just left alone (exclusive)
And I ain't even tryna go there with record sales
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself
Say, "What up?, Keep steppin', and just rep D12"
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
And livin' reckless, but if you go check my belt
You may see something else I use to protect myself
A vest, to stop a Ruger and deflect the shells
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line
But this motherfucker Ja must have lost his mind
That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to Pac, now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael?
Just keep singin' the same song, recycled
We'd all much rather get along than fight you
Me and Hailie dance to your songs, we like you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
Come on now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I'll hurt your pride, dawg, and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, with syllable after
Syllable I just slap you, killin' you faster
Than you poppin' pill after little pill of them tabs
Of that shit you on, but if you want it, you got it
You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns, we can charge harder than Busta (Green Lantern!)
We bump heads with any motherfucker that wants to (yeah)
So what's the deal, where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like, "Ja, what up, dawg?"
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there with all your men, we coulda solved this then
I'm a grown man, dawg, come holla
All you did was slap hands, smile, and swallow
Another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be
Come on!
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
Tony!
You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you (what?)
Ja, you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you
Every other week, I'm buyin' a new pistol
I clap at your ass with this chrome .38
And put six through your hats a seven and three-eight
Irv, you ain't Suge Knight, you Shook Knight
I'll put my knife in your wind pipe and breeze through the turnpike
You know and I know who took your chain
You got robbed two times, so your ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit, all I need is bail
You better stick to the movies with Steven Seigel, bitch
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Lloyd Banks!)
Fuck that, I'm miles away
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
Like I won't find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out your man
We killin' New York, even in Compton, they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised (break it, break it)
Blowin' chocolate up out your van and (break it down!)
They see me pop a boy icy 'cause I could
You been gone so long, you probably forgot your way around the hood (hood)
'Cause when you paranoid, it's hard to make a song
How you want it with us if half of your artists got makeup on?
Every magazine I open, you on your knees takin' prayer pictures
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nothin' 'bout what pain is, sucker
I'll put your ass underground like a train conductor, motherfucker!
I know you don't want it with me (that's my man, Paul Rosenberg)
You know you don't want it with me (walk the bell)
You talk and soon you gon' see (Shady Records)
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Don Robinson)
I know you don't want it with me (Interscope Worldwide)
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see (look out for the tour, Anger Management)
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Europe and Japan)
Yeah, nigga
Yeah, Shady Aftermath
G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G-Unit for?
'Cause we move units, huh-uh
Don't think we ain't billin' you for this motherfuckin' studio time
Matter of fact, keep it on 50, we'll call it even, ha