This rap shit divided by panty lines
Mm, which side are you on? (Pussy)
Social media got you fuckin' in pantomime
Damn, why that line so long? (Rookie)
I'm just caught up in the rapture, tryna be a rap star
I hope I make it out alive (alive)
I'm a master at masquerading and actin'
Like I ain't faded, only I can see through my disguise
I walk around more confused than my aunt Linda's man-friend
A black transgender Klan member who's a Caitlyn Jenner fan and a (what?)
Member of Grindr and Tinder
Head empty as an abandoned a– (yeah)
'Partment while I'm dancing a–
'Round all these names and labels that I can't memo– (what the fuck?)
'Rize, now my antennas are up on this PC shit, I'm finna
Go out on my shield like Captain A– (what?)
'Merica, transcender
I'm the god of façade (woo), give me a road rage reason
To black the fuck out and roll with the heathens
Road rage, vroom, vroom, vroom, and I'm speedin'
Fuck that red light, I'm tryna get even
Yeah, how could I say some shit so mean? (Damn)
They're tryna make my mouth closed like it's clothing (what?)
It's what it is though, but this is show biz, so things
Ain't never really truly over 'til Lizzo sings (like I won't say that)
We should coddle fat people (yeah), yeah
Here's a concept (what?), let's celebrate onset (yeah)
Diabetes and instead of us dieting, we can just have a pie-eating contest (delicious)
And we should be extra nice (what?) instead of honest (yeah)
And instead of exercise (what?), it's easier to find a triple-X your size
And try to press society to change so you don't have to change
Pick up a way to eat less, them fries make your blood pressure rise
As it starts increasin' all that starch and grease and clogged arteries and
These are the reasons for your heart disease and
Can't tie your shoes (why?), it's too hard to reach 'em (shit)
But the way things been (with what?) with today's thinking (yeah)
We should baby them (why?) instead of shaming them (oh)
But enabling can (yeah) do more harm than good, so call me Abe Lincoln
'Cause I'll be honest, I can flip in a blink and all I need is one little road rage reason
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, I'm the
I'm the god of façade, give me a road rage reason
To black the fuck out and roll with the heathens
Road rage, vroom, vroom, vroom, and I'm speedin'
Fuck that red light, I'm tryna get even
Yeah, all my obese people if you're fat, proud, and you know it (hey)
Raise your hand if you're shovin' food in your mouth at this moment (mmm)
But if you're mad 'cause they're clownin' you for poundin' them donuts (what?)
Put 'em down and either do somethin' about it or own it
Okay, here we go
Wait, what are you doin'?
Fuck's it look like I'm doin'? (What? Nah)
Dyin' our hair
No, stop, stop, ow
Shut the fuck up
You're never gonna–
I said, shut the fuck up
Trust me, I know what I'm doin'
Yeah, transgender rights, where do I stand? Oh (uh)
I'm all for 'em, I really am pro (nah, for real)
Intercourse with you (what?), would I have? No (nope)
I'm just bein' honest (yeah), now I'm an asshole (ho)
Call me a transphobe (really? Yeah) 'cause I just can't go (what?)
And try and pretend you was never a man though (sorry)
I mean, damn, bro (yeah), it's just the way I feel (uh)
But if I say it will (mm), it get me cancelled (yup, shit)
My music get banned (what?), or can it withstand? (No)
This shit is quicksand (help), man, I'm just sayin' (ha)
I gotta participate for us to co-exist?
I gotta memorize pronouns of a cis man? (Really?)
How come can't we just show solidarity with a wristband? (Or somethin' like that, you know?)
And this ain't even a diss, trans
People, my dick just won't expand
Them tits won't make it stand
But Caitlyn, big fan (no, wait)
Oh, you want me to fuckin' chill and tone this shit down, huh? (Yup)
That's Shady speaking his mind like it was his mouth, huh?
You wish he'd grow up and not be so juvenile, huh?
Cash Money Records, this shit's about to go south, huh?
You feelin' stupid now, huh?
Old Slim would've told 'em to put a lid on it like a toilet bowl rim
Hat with the low brim
I'm in the blue corner (what?), white trunks with the gold trim
They bet that I won't win (yup)
Guess you really showed them (ha)
Became the best and I made it (yeah) like Adult Swim
Yeah, but you pick on handicapped people with no limbs
Well then, fuck you, Chris Reeves, and the horse that he rode in
Bitch