R-I-P to R-A-P
E-M-I-N-E-M's back with the D-R-E, and I'm the S-L-I-M (what?) S-H-A-D-Y (woo)
I'm H-I-G-H (yeah), yeah, baby, high (ha)
And not afraid of heights, and the B-O-D-Y is C-R to the A-Z-Y
The G-U-Y with the mother-F-U-C-K I-N' C-H-A-I-N-S-A-W and the W-H-I-S-K-E-Y
And I don't wanna trouble you, wait
But before you skate, I'd like to try to break the ice like a frozen lake
So you'll fall, stay the night
Say, like eight or nine
'Cause on a scale of one to ten, that's how I rate your vibe
Let me be your vibrator (get it?)
Your body's slammin' like André the Giant
Two wrongs make a right
Let me take you by the arm, I'm alligator-like (bite her arm)
Gal, I waited all my life for you
Heart is racin' like Talladega Nights
Sick minds think alike, girl, you got me singin', like
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin' (I'm fallin')
Girl, I'm diggin' your whole MO
Give me a go, you're throwin' innuendos
Keep sendin' me smoke signals (yeah)
Everything's movin', spinning in slow M-O-T-I-O-N
Now anything goes, earlobe nibbling, so gentle, then we disrobe
She goes Emily Rose, middle of givin' me dome, she froze
Literally goes mental, screams she's broke, fragile empty and so brittle
Henny and Coke can make women emotional
Told her she ain't just some twenty-some year old bimbo
Then we indulged in so many of those benzos that I proposed, then gave the str-rs a pole
"Finish me, ma!" Then dose, then we awoke like, "Yo, did we elope?" Give me a Jolt
My mind's blank, I'm sipping in hopes it'll jog it, I thought this was a memory foam pillow
Then why the fuck are we remembering so little?
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin', 50! (I'm fallin')
I kill a bitch with a potato peeler for the skrilla
I'm finna skin a sinner, — robbed, like Bruce Jenner
Long time, interest me all I
Like it like I like sn— flicks, sip piss, eat sh—
You're workin' my nerves, louder now, come on, bark, bitch
Hi, I'm Shady's Cronie, Shady done rubbed off on me
Yeah, b—, bow me 'fore he used the chainsaw for me
After you see my G-U-N in a pine box we will see you
And you can't believe it's me again
I B-I-G T-I-M-E K-I-L-L very W-E-L-L
Go to Hell, R-U-N, T-E-L-L
I'm coming, straight dumbin' with my gun in
Hand, there's no options, I'm P-O-P-P-I-N
Ya dyin', doc's still tryin' to save you
If you survive, I'ma show you what the gauge do
I'm the type there's nothing you can say to
(Ayo, bring that hook)
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin' (I'm fallin')