It was all good just a week ago
Niggas feel theyselves
And that Watch the Throne drop
Niggas kill theyselves
What niggas gon' do, Hov?
This the new crack on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that
Niggas tellin' me "You back?"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
And if life a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh?
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way nigga, you should fuckin' quit, nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it, joke's on you motherfucker, and I get it
No paper hoe, but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?
Historically, I'm kickin' bitches out like pam, nigga
Goin' H.A.M. nigga, me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, why I have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head so good, damn a nigga glad he hit
Got 'em jumpin' out the building
Watch out below, a million out the door
I'm about to go H.A.M.
Hard as a motherfucker let these niggas know who I am
I'm about to go H.A.M.
Hard as a motherfucker let these niggas know who I am
Fuck y'all mad at me for?
Y'all don't even know what I've been through
I play chicken with a Mack truck
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been moved
I swam waters with Great Whites
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been chewed
I hustle with vultures late nights
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been food
Fuck wrong with these dudes?
Try to walk around in these shoes
See the shit I saw growing up
Then maybe you could take a peek at these boos
Niggas fantasize about the shit that I do daily
Like these rappers rap about all the shit that I do really
I'm like, "Really, half a billi'? Nigga, really?" You got baby money
Keep it real with niggas, niggas ain't got my lady money
Watch the throne, don't step on our robe
Bad enough we let you step on our glow
When my nephew died, daddy's dead
Nigga took the price on my uncle's head
Nobody called the cops as my uncle bled
So I feel like I would like to know my uncle's bread
Bow down, brother pay homage
Don't spill hate all on my garments
Commes des Garçons, fuck you're fresh
Head shots, nigga, fuck your vests
Fuck the pig, no pork on my fork
Peace God, 'cause you know a nigga just went
H.A.M.
Hard as a motherfucker let these niggas know who I am
Yeah, I'm 'bout to go H.A.M.
Hard as a motherfucker let these niggas know who I am
Yeah, I'm 'bout to go H.A.M.
Vivat rex in homine
♪
Vivat rex in homine
♪
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine