Check, check, check, check, check
♪
They go ride to it, ride to it 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things, don't do it like he did
'Cause he ain't what you is, but we can win
Wait, let's get straight to the point
To the meaning of life, what's my purpose?
Maybe this Earth is ain't a good place to be
How far is Heaven? Let's see
Is it in the clouds like they said it would be?
I wonder when I die, will He give me receipts?
I wonder will the eyes of the Lord look at me?
Look at me, look at me, I'm a loser, I'm a winner
I'm good, I'm bad, I'm a Christian, I'm a sinner
I'm humble, I'm loud, I'm righteous, I'm a killer
What I'm doing? I'm saying that I'm human
Now people just ride to it, ride to it 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things, don't do it like he did
'Cause he ain't what you is, but we can win
Wait, let's get straight to the point
♪
It go one (one), two (two), three (three)
Two in the front, one in the backseat (seat), seat (seat), seat (seat), seat (seat)
Looking for a victim of an AK-47, hunnid round each, each, each
But why must we retaliate? Is it human nature?
I don't know, I look for the answers later
Make a right, there they go
Sometimes, gotta ride to it, ride to it 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things, don't do it like he did
'Cause he ain't what you is, but we can win, win
Wait, let's get straight to the point
♪
As I open this book and then burn up some of this reefer
My plan is to figure out the world and escape all my demons
I'm dying inside, I wonder if Zion's inside the Heavens
A condom, a Rollie, pain, a fat blunt and a MAC-11
That's all I see in my life and they tell me to make it right
But I'm right on the edge of Everest and I might jump tonight
Have you ever had known a saint that was taking sinner's advice?
Well, it's probably you, am I right? If I'm wrong, you a fucking lie
When I lie on my back and look at the ceiling, it's so appealing to pray
I wonder if I'm just a villain, dealing my morals away
Some people look at my face, then tell me, "Don't worry 'bout it"
I give 'em back they deposit, no money, just total silence
I'm running, they say I'm wildin', a youngin' with lack of guidance
That's hundreds of us with problems, more money, more drugs and violence
Look at the soul of an out-of-control artist that's dealing with life the hardest
That's on my life, but regardless
I'ma ride to it, ride to it 'cause I never know
When a bullet might hit me and I die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live my life, live it right
Be different, do different things, don't do it like he did
'Cause he ain't what I is, but we can win
Wait, let's get straight to the point (oh-oh)
Yeah, life can please ya, but death can tease ya
On the day Niko had that seizure, I lost one of my biggest believers, uh
Close deaths make you think about your life
Like if I had that same chance twice, what would I do different?
I'd tell her I loved her more, do more
But tease her 'bout crying on that picture
Now when I'm done recording, swear I let the beat bang in her name
Make her shake her head in Heaven saying, "They at it again"
Make them clouds turn to speakers, don't take too much smoke from the reefer
Love being in the room with her peoples
Now my love life murking it, family having surgeries
Hate it that they moved the tooth for they like to be under me
Lord, what kind of life is this?
Mama, I just wanna sing
Mama said, "According to get everything
You gotta risk everything"
So I'm smoking my kush, reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians (Corinthians)