Pop out, she creepin' (pop out, she creepin')
Main bitch, she leavin' (main bitch, she leavin', she goin')
Take six this evening (take six this evening, yeah)
Big-booty bitch, I need it (big-booty bitch, I need it)
Wake up, why you sleepin'? (Wake up, why you sleepin'?)
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin', beep, beep)
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin', beep, beep)
This phone is beepin'
Bro sellin' bricks from the cell, right out the cell, rockin' Margiel' (yeah)
Drank got me movin' like a snail, ridin' through hell, tryna stay level (it's lit)
My bitch put it on well, walk in with a smell, thuggin' with the fellas
Rick Owens kit (Rick Owens kit), the floor, I sleep on (the floor, I sleep on)
The phonе is beepin' (beepin'), she callin' to eat me (eat mе)
Enough, like Pinky, new chain, we should link (ball and chain)
Blue hundreds, it's a-leanin' (blue), stack it up, stinky (straight up)
Ice her up, rinky (rinky), put her on lingy (lingo)
Put her in a Lam' or the Benz, is she slim or she thick? It depends
Look like it ride by itself with this tint (alright)
We've been up four days in a row, how many more days until I'm a hit?
She sleepin' in my crib like she ain't got rent
Hold on, you hear how these chains is slappin' on my chest?
(Whoo) double Cs switched in the verse
Got my name stitched in the 'burbs
Went front door to the Met
But no, no, ho, I ain't met
Put her front row at event
Then buy the clothes you can get, yeah
Baby, these braids, not dreads
You can come through to the ends
We drink cool, it's rare
Chokin' on both for the chair
Had to fall through with a nine-piece (icy)
Well overdue for affair (yeah)
No need for makeup or underwear
'Cause I been locked in at the crib (whoo)
Pop out, she creepin' (pop out, she creepin', pop it, pop it)
Main bitch, she leavin' (leavin')
Huh, take six this evening (whoo, leave it)
Hm, big-booty bitch, I need it (big-booty bitch, I need it)
Wake up, why you sleepin'? (Wake up, why you sleepin'?)
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin', beep, beep, beep)
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin', beep, beep, beep)
Phone on vibrate, make her legs vibrate
Fly them hoes out, make them hoes migrate
She shake that ass, the bag gon' gyrate
Water my neck, lil' bitch went dehydrated
I'm on her back like carbohydrates
In London with killers, totin' swords with my mates
Came out the trenches, bananas on Ks
Fuck a hundred niggas gon' do with these apes?
Phone keep beepin', she twistin' her face
You know that we sneakin', girl, stay in your place
I get shawty geekin', the tentacle deep in
She ride, the bitch squeakin', put oil on her brakes
These bitch niggas speakin', my name in they mouth
Ain't gon' shower for days, now how my dick taste?
Rainbow diamonds, this shit on me blingin'
Stepped out of the jeweler, bought a gay parade (whoo, whoo)
Pop out, she creepin' (pop out, she creepin', pop it, pop it)
So bored at the house, she leavin'
Huh, take six this evening (whoo, leave it, huh)
Got a ho in my kennel crossbreedin'
Wake up, why you sleepin'? (Wake up, why you sleepin'? Wake up)
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin')
Her phone is beepin' (her phone is beepin')
This phone is beepin' (this phone is beepin')
Her phone is beepin' (her phone is beepin')
Her phone is beepin' (her phone is beepin', yeah, yeah)
But that would be-, Jamaica, Jamaica would be where you would go to really hear, like
A lot of rap music and a lot of R&B, so, they, they play mainly dance music
Then they have they rap set
And then they go into reggae
And then they go back to-, to the regular music and shit like that
That's as close as you can get to twerking