Yeah
You know, technically
I'm not even really supposed to be here right now
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it
♪
Yeah!
Feels good!
Guess I'm lucky
Some of us don't get a second chance
But I ain't blowing this one
Nah, man!
Shit, I feel like I can do anything now
Who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water?
Coming out the nozzle on the fire hose, flyer than swatters
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man
Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme and freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man
Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
There's a storm coming that the weatherman couldn't predict
I start the bug, prick you better, flee cause I get ticked
It's a wrap, I was down, when I was down, I was kicked, I got up
I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick, it's a trap
Fuck my last CD, the shit's in my trash
I'll be god damned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last
You can die in the blink of an eye
So bat your eyelashes, and keep winking and blowing kisses
'Cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood, I ain't just hurting your rep
I catch a flow and get going, no remorse I'm showing, ain't slowing for no one
Knowing there is nothing you can do about it
Zero in on the target like a marksman, the target is you
I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid saliva: what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like "Whoooo!"
That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
See you can hate em, he don't blame you frankly he would too
This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you?
Now guess who?
Here's a clue
He came to a ball in his wife beater lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too
Now, what's his name?
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
(Cinderella, Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
If I had a time machine, I'd be Cinderella man
Music is my time machine so call me (Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Fuck catching lightning, he struck it, screamed "Shut up" at thunder and flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Rewound the future to the present, paused it - don't ask how
Fuck the past, mothafucka, he's the shit right now he's
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Cinderella man, Cinder Fellow, Shady dane
Came to wrap the game up in cellophane, raise hell, from Hell he came
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same, can't afford to be a lame-o
In this day and age and at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly
So say "bye" to the old, "H-I" to the new que será
Consider it his last hurrah, the coup de grâce
Raise 'em high in the sky, keep 'em up, time to bring the place alive
Thanks for being patient, I will make no more mistakes
Shit, my potato's baked, homie, the veggies on my plate can fly
My filet is smoking weed, yeah, faggot, the steaks are high
Shit, I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of God, the skin on my teeth! and the hair on my nuts, I skated by
Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights I hate to lie
How fucking irritated are you? How much in your face am I?
It ain't shit you could do but fear it
Proof is here in spirit and I'm the spitting image
I'll mirror it when I stand near it, your pussy lyric: I "cunt" hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists, who?
Here's a clue
He came to a ball in his wife beater lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too
Now, what's his name?
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
(Cinderella man, Cinderella, Cinderella man)
If I had a time machine
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
I'd be
Music is my time machine so call me (Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
♪
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man)