Yeah
♪
Ay, ay, what?
2000 Excursion (whip it), 40 for a bird (bird, yeah)
Tryna hit the Booby, bitch, just say the word (don't say it)
Peeped it for my brother first, it's the early bird, ay (brr, yeah)
Ay (whoo), ay (whoo), ay (ay, what's up? Yeah)
I don't get the bag, get the duff' (whoo)
My baby can't do me enough (bitch)
The best, they pourin' me up
No plastic, styrofoam cup
I'm on the Southside whippin' the truck
On tracks, not givin' a fuck (skrrt)
On wax, not givin' a fuck (whoo, fuck)
Like Jalil, not givin' a fuck, yeah (whoo)
He sleep with a Spanish bitch in the club
Bro know his Spanglish, that's good enough
We took an hour out of the after hours just to fuck up all the ones
I got a bunch, you ain't doin' brunch
I got a front that ain't gotta front
I put a blunt in a blunt
Make it last tonight (whoo)
Before you pass me by (whoo)
♪
Hey, I'm tryna see somethin' shake, see somethin' go crazy, girl, you out with the JACK right now
Gang-gang-gang on the block with the drop, still tryna flip that pack right now
I'm tryna see somersault hit the vault, I'm tryna see somethin' jump right now
We cause a scene with the team, you know it's a panic every time that the JACK touch down (bitch, yeah, bitch)
I'm tryna hit it, see your vertebrae (whoo, whoo)
I got hoes on salary from Sydney out to Paraguay
Gotta pay your passage, baby, you can't be no stowaway (yeah)
You can't bring that baggage on this voyage, just took a dose a day (yeah)
You obey me, do what I say (whoo)
I score goals like Pelé, Zizou, Ginola, Galatasaray (bitch)
I got a bitch stay out in the bayou, play Marvin Gaye, sip chardonnay (bitch)
I touch down all over the map, my bitch a dog, my bitch a brat
She send the stacks
Night, make it last tonight (yeah)
Before you pass me by (yeah)
♪
Make it last tonight (yeah)
Before you pass me by (before you pass me by)
(What's goin' on? What's goin' on? What's goin' on? What's goin' on? What's goin' on?)
Late night in the alleyway, cars parked on the corner (yeah, every time the JACK touch down)
I been waitin' for three hours, I been waitin' on you (yeah, JACK touch down)
JACKBOYS in Texas, JACKBOYS in California (every time the JACK touch down, yeah)
Whoa, it was nice to know you, mm
When the JACK touch down (ay)
I'm tryna see somethin' shake, see somethin' go crazy (yeah)
I'm tryna see somethin' shake, see somethin' go crazy, hey
Back in the mix, you fell through from where you fell
You dipped from somewhere else
Left for somewhere else
Ridin' with my strap, so I'm not really by myself
Hand on my belt, price on my health
Crackin' a seal, yes, I sip by myself
Ten different Chanels on this trip
So why am I still trippin' on myself?
Ay, ay, what?
2000 Excursion, 40 for a bird (bird)
Tryna hit the Booby, bitch, just say the word (don't say it)
Peeped it for my brother first, it's the early bird (brr)
Ay, ay, ay (brr), ay, what's up? (Yeah)