Yeah, tensions is definitely risin'
T'd up right now
T time, T time
T time, T time, T time
Teatime like I got a cup of this shit
Tee time like golf at a quarter to six
I love to fuck on a regular bitch
Famous hoes lame, but they stay on my dick
Heard your new joint, it's embarrassin', shit
You talk to the cops on some therapist shit
You act like you love this American shit
But, really, the truth is you scared of the six
Yeah, you scared of the six, yeah, you scared of the six
Your bodyguard put in some work on a fluke
Now you wanna go and inherit that shit
Don't talk to the boy 'bout comparisons, shit
Or come to the boy on some arrogant shit
The weapons we got are some terrorist shit
Like TV producers we, grr, we airin' this shit
She askin' for bread for her parents and shit
I told her, "I don't got no cash" and she said she could wait on a rack, on some Arabic shit
I pull out a million and stare at the shit
My dick just got hard 'cause a wire just hit
My schedule is out, come spin us, for real
Man, fuck all that spinnin' the narrative shit
I melt down the chains that I bought from yo' boss
Give a fuck about all of that heritage shit
Since V not around, the members done hung up the Louis, they not even wearin' that shit
Don't come to the boy 'bout repairin' some shit
Don't come to the boy 'bout sparin' some shit
You lucky that Vogue was suin' 'cause I woulda been with the Wassas in Paris and shit
♪
Is you fuckin' crazy? Uh, is you fuckin' crazy? (Ah)
And they scared of the seven (seven)
After one-three, then we turn up 11 (yeah)
Keep this shit open like 7-Eleven (it's lit)
Me at the house, I got seven in heaven
They think I'm satanic, I keep me a reverend
Shawty a therapist (yeah), poppin' her shit
She inchin' my way then she started confessin'
I know what's at stake, I'm screamin', "Free Jeffrey"
Connect collect calls right off of the celly
Gave her the blues, not talkin' 'bout belly
Don't keep it sincere, I go Makaveli
I got the juice, now it's heavy (juice)
Always on t-time, been ready (T, ah), yeah
Is you fuckin' crazy? Uh, is you f- (yeah, stoned, let's go)
Wrappin' the cheese, wrap around me 'cause I've got property (wrap, cheese, wrap)
Chocolate AP and chocolate the Vs (Vs), got the Willy Wonka factory (Vs)
Burn an athlete like it's calories (frrt), find another flame hot as me, bitch (ooh)
♪
Yeah, is you fuckin' crazy? (Nah) is you fuckin' crazy? (What?)
Is you fuckin' crazy? (Nah, nah) is you fuckin' crazy? Yeah
Is you fuckin' crazy, or what? Is you fuckin', is you fuckin'
Is you fuckin' crazy?
How many Texas boys done ran it up? A couple, maybe (couple, maybe)
Swangin' in the pickup truck, baby, fuck Mercedes (fuck Mercedes)
I'll fuck a nigga bitch, but she can't have the baby (have the baby)
I'll shoot your ass in Walmart like I'm DaBaby (in Walmart)
The boy goin' Lionel Messi, I go Tom Brady (woo)
Used to wear the bust down back in my old days (wow)
Now I let the chains hang, you gotta tuck yours, maybe (tuck it, tuck it)
Niggas talkin' Scarface, I'm that in real life
Is you fuckin' crazy, or what? Is you fuckin' crazy? (Fuckin' crazy)
Man, the club ain't been the same since we lost Mercedes (straight up)
Man, the clique ain't been the same since they lost the greatest (nah, nah, nah)
We outside with the army, so you need the (uh-huh)
Them boys rollin' all brown like they whippin' gravy
Make a circus outside like it's Barnum's Bailey (it's lit)
Blickey hangin' on my side, it's like it's really hangin' (blickey, blickey, blaow)
She move her panties to the side, she want it raw when faded (huh, huh, huh, huh?)
Is you fuckin' crazy? Is you fuckin' crazy? Uh
Is you fuckin' crazy, or what? Is you fuckin' crazy? Yeah
Is you fuckin' crazy, or what? Is you fuckin', is you fuckin'
Is you fuckin' crazy?